-[alarm beeping]
-[soft rumbling]
-[rumbling stops]
-[birds chirping]
["If Ever There's A Reason"
playing]
♪ If ever there's a reason to
Be swept up in the season ♪
♪ Of the fallen leaves ♪
[sighs]
♪ And if the days grew shorter
And the darkness
Drew its order ♪
♪ From the autumn grey ♪
[alarm beeping]
♪ I'd rather sit this out
And sleep
The day away instead ♪
♪ My weary eyes
A bit too slow indeed ♪
♪ I'd rather sit this out… ♪
[alarm beeping]
♪ To worry about
The emptiness that comes ♪
♪ If ever there's a reason
To be swept up in the season ♪
♪ Of the fallen leaves ♪
♪ And if the days grew shorter
And the darkness
Drew its order ♪
♪ From the autumn grey ♪
♪ I'd rather sit this out
And sleep the day
Away instead ♪
♪ My weary eyes
A bit too slow indeed ♪
[knocking at door]
You won't believe the crap
Armen pulled last night.
He cut the power
to my apartment.
That's right.
No lights, no Wi-Fi, nothing.
For 15 minutes.
And if I'd have been
on a ventilator,
I could've suffocated
in that time.
Right? You're a doctor.
You're not on a ventilator.
Thank God for that.
But I could be.
I mean, it was dark.
I could've tripped.
I should sue him.
Sorry, were you gonna eat this?
I stress eat.
Okay, listen,
I go to talk to him
and he claims that I was
playing my music
too loud again.
[scoffs]
I wear earplugs
when your music irritates me.
I miss the dripping.
You're missing
the point here, Shaun.
Okay, you knock, you ask.
You don't cut someone's power.
You'd knock, right?
Of course you would knock.
Any normal person would.
I mean, am I crazy,
or is he a total sociopath?
You should get headphones.
Headphones?
They would eliminate
the sound--
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I got it. Thank you.
Thank you for being
so objective about this.
In fact, why don't you
go help Armen write
my eviction notice?
[man] Yeah, and I'll never
drive down that street again.
It was a pretty bad memory.
[woman] Yeah? But that sounds
quite fun, I mean…
[both laughing]
It's kind of hot
for a hike, isn't it?
[woman] We're hiking.
We're gonna sweat.
It happens.
[thief] All right,
don't do nothing stupid.
Open the register.
Put everything in a bag.
Come on, right now.
Hey. Don't move.
Give me your wallets,
phones, everything.
Keep your hands
where I can see 'em.
I said get out your wallet!
Do it now!
Wallet, now!
Is he okay?
We don't know.
This was routed
through Basecamp.
They said Shaun was there,
but they didn't say
if he was hurt or not.
Well, EMS has
two critical inbounding.
Their hands are a little full
to chat right now.
[ambulance siren wailing]
Twenty-year-old female,
single gunshot wound
to the abdomen.
Hypotensive and tachy.
Two liters of saline
en route.
Her name's Avery.
We'll take good care of her.
Jared, you're with me.
Blunt-force neck injury.
Oxygen sats
just dropped below 80.
Trachea's crushed.
I inserted a laryngeal mask,
but the airway is not secured.
Are you okay?
You weren't hurt?
His oropharyngeal anatomy
is distorted
from the contusion.
Subcutaneous emphysema.
He's barely moving air.
Let's take him to a bay.
And get me an OR. Now.
I need four units O-negative.
Type and cross her.
She has decreased
breath sounds on the left.
Let's get a chest X-ray on her.
What the hell is he doing here?
It's his fault.
This is all his fault.
[theme music playing]
Yeah. Clerk says the guy
entered, shouted orders,
and apparently,
your doctor didn't comply.
Girl gets shot
and the store clerk
clocks the gunman
with a bat.
That's all we know.
All right.
What do you need?
I need forensics
on the gunman
and the girl.
All right, we'll let you know
what we find out.
Hey, the police are gonna
wanna talk to you.
After that, you can go home.
I should be helping.
My shift is just starting.
You were at the shooting.
I don't have time
to hold your hand.
I don't like my hand
being held.
Small-caliber bullets.
They ricochet inside.
They can cause multiple
and unpredictable injuries.
[woman] BP's 90 over 50.
And what do we need
to do about it?
Chest and abdominal X-rays,
and a focused
assessment sonogram.
Could use your help
over here, Dr. Melendez.
Are you okay?
Yes, I'm fine.
-You're with me.
Get a gown on him.
-Okay.
[Jared] Entrance wound
is down here.
The bullet fractured
the pelvis on the way in.
All right, let's look for
an exit wound.
We're gonna roll her on three.
One, two, three.
[Jared] Right, got it.
Between the second
and third rib.
She's hemorrhaging here, too.
Murphy, get us the ultrasound
so we can find out
what's inside.
Focused assessment
with sonography and trauma.
[machine beeping rapidly]
No chest contusions
or secondary injuries evident.
Oxygen sats 70.
I can't squeeze the camera
past this collapse.
OR Three's prepped and ready,
but that's it.
We've got a full house
right now up in surgery.
-Next show time's
15 minutes out.
-I could use it.
I gotta get this
bleeding under control.
What's the status on your guy?
Take her up.
Take the gunshot.
Hold on.
This airway's so damaged,
I can't even do
a tracheotomy.
He's got five minutes
until anoxic brain death.
Mine's got pressure.
I'll see what I can do here.
You're scrubbing in with me.
[Dr. Lim] Go ahead and feed
the tube under
the collapsed trachea.
[JL] Starting high-flow O2.
[Dr. Lim] And we're good.
[exhales]
Now that our patient
is actually breathing,
we can realign and repair.
Four-O on a driver.
[Claire] Scissors,
sponge stick.
[Dr. Lim] It's a slippery thing
letting your feelings
about a patient
influence your
medical judgment.
I didn't.
I get the instinct.
She's a victim,
he's a shooter. A racist.
Often, we don't even know
we're doing it.
I would never let
my personal feelings
impact a patient's care.
She was bleeding out.
And this guy just drew
his first good breath
30 seconds ago.
They were both critical.
He was dying.
You were wrong. Own it.
You know as well as I do
that that was not
an easy call to make.
-Do I?
-Yes.
[Dr. Lim] Clear the field,
Dr. Browne.
Not my operative field,
the surgical field.
Scrub out.
[Claire] Excuse me?
You're done.
Step out of my OR.
Gail, can you please
relieve Dr. Browne
of her instruments
and page Dr. Cleland
to assist me?
[Dr. Melendez]
Now, isn't this more pleasant?
Aside from the spleen,
what else are we
dealing with?
[Shaun] The bullet ruptured
her transverse colon
at the splenic flexure.
[Dr. Melendez]
Put it on our to-do list.
Why does her boyfriend
think it's your fault?
It punctured her diaphragm
here and entered
the posterior chest.
-[machine beeping rapidly]
-[Dr. Melendez] She's bleeding
again. Clamp the hilum.
[Jared] I already did.
It's too damaged to hold.
[Dr. Melendez] Gauze.
Hold this right there.
Don't let go.
No, this isn't gonna work.
It's gonna be like
sewing ground beef
back into a steak.
All right, new plan.
She's gonna have to live
without her spleen.
Metzen and pick-up.
I need a ligating suture
around the splenic artery
while I make the cut.
Can you do that for me
before this young lady bleeds
out on us, Murphy?
[Shaun] Yes.
[machine beeping normally]
[Dr. Melendez] Okay,
let's move on
to the bowel perf.
Shaun. Thank God
you're all right.
I just heard what happened.
Shaun? Are you all right?
Yes. I wasn't injured.
What happened this morning?
Lea ate my apple.
No, Shaun,
at the store this morning.
What happened at the store?
Wallet, now!
-I can't.
-Why the hell not?
You said keep my hands
where you could see them.
My wallet is in my pocket.
You can't see my hands if--
Are you trying to be a hero?
I'm a surgical resident.
Hey. Hey.
Shut the hell up.
-Okay. Okay. Okay.
-This isn't a game, man.
I'm serious.
Put your damn phone
and wallet on the ground.
Right now!
Hey, do you see this, man?
I am not playing around.
Just put your phone
and wallet
on the damn ground.
Come on, man.
Just do what he says.
Please listen to him.
Shut up! Just shut up
and get on your knees.
Put your hands and knees
on the ground.
-Yes.
-[thief] Get your wallet out
right now. Hey!
I will shoot
your crazy ass,
-I swear to God.
-[Shaun] Okay.
-Are you listening to me?
I'll do it!
-Yes.
-Hey! You hear me? Hey!
-[gun fires]
-[whimpering]
-Oh, my God.
Okay, you need to take the rest
of the day off.
Dr. Melendez
said that, too. Why?
Why? Because you just
experienced a traumatic event--
-It's not my fault.
-I know that.
Avery has multiple injuries.
Dr. Melendez wants me
to monitor her.
Dr. Lim.
I was out of line.
I shouldn't have
argued with you…
Primary closure went well.
We'll extubate him
in a few hours to prevent
any further internal damage.
Oh, that's good.
It is. And you're gonna
make sure he stays that way.
You'll be baby-sitting him
tonight in the ICU.
I'm… I'm not on call.
Great, then you're available.
It should be a quiet night.
Just want to keep an eye
on those vitals.
You never know
with trachea tears.
Can't one of the ICU nurses
do that?
Yep, but they didn't
lip off in my operating room.
And he'd better be breathing
in the morning.
Excuse me,
but why is Shaun
on the victim's case?
I assessed him
and he seemed
perfectly capable.
You assessed him?
What does that mean?
You asked him
how he was feeling?
Are you psychic?
Do you have
an advanced degree
in psychology?
You don't know
what's going on in his head.
When I'm in surgery,
my focus is on the person
whose guts are open
in front of me
rather than the soul
of the person
standing across from me.
And it seems that Shaun
doesn't let anything
impact his work.
So along with his
photographic memory,
I'm putting cold-hearted
in the plus column.
[Dr. Mohan] Dr. Murphy,
do you understand
why you're here?
Yes. Dr. Glassman
said I had to talk to you.
After any doctor goes through
a potentially traumatic--
You have to determine
if I am a medico-legal
liability to the hospital.
Yes. And, more importantly,
it's an opportunity
to provide you
with emotional support.
How are you feeling?
You don't have apples.
I'll try to have some fruit
next time we meet.
Good.
Do you regret anything
about this morning?
Why?
After bad things happen,
it's perfectly normal
to replay the events,
wishing you'd
done things differently.
It already happened.
I can't do things differently.
Is talking about this
upsetting you?
What are you thinking about
right now?
Systemic inflammatory
response syndrome.
[Dr. Melendez]
Surgery went well.
After a serious trauma
like this,
the body can develop
a self-destructive
inflammatory reaction.
Kidneys, liver, lungs, heart.
Any, or all of them,
can start to shut down.
We'll be giving her
anti-inflammatories
and monitoring her closely,
but the next 24 hours
are critical.
Okay. Thanks.
Just get her through this.
Whatever you gotta do.
Yeah, well,
I need consent forms
from your girlfriend's
next of kin.
If you could please
get her family in here
as quickly as possible.
I can't.
I don't even know
her last name.
It was our first date,
we met on a dating app.
We were going hiking,
so she wasn't carrying
a purse or ID.
Well, then you really
don't need to be here.
Someone out there
cares about her.
If she dies, I want them
to know someone was with her.
I'll have social work
try to locate her family.
Stay as long as you want.
It looks clean,
dry, and healthy.
My neck is killing me.
How long have you been using?
[exhales] What's that
got to do with anything?
Well, you've likely built up
a tolerance to pain meds.
And now that you really
need them, they aren't
there for you.
That's why I need fentanyl,
100 micrograms.
Are you gonna help me or not?
I wouldn't be helping.
The worst thing I could do
for you is feed your habit.
[scoffs]
What?
You saw my tattoo.
Yeah.
And now you're punishing me.
-You want this to hurt.
-I am treating you
professionally--
If you were treating me
professionally, I wouldn't
be in so much pain.
-I'm sorry, but I won't--
-Just give me the damn drugs!
Come on!
Melendez thinks that he's okay
being on Avery's case.
I don't.
Dr. Melendez may be right.
That case seems to be
Shaun's primary focus
right now.
Maybe his condition
is a blessing
in this situation.
"Maybe"?
Or obsessing over
Avery's health
could be his only outlet
for a guilty conscience.
Watching her suffer
could just be worsening
those feelings.
So either it's a huge problem,
or it's not a problem at all.
This is your
professional opinion?
Shaun has a very unique mind
and an incredibly
introverted nature.
Well, thank you for that.
I'm sorry, but without
a lot more time with him,
that's the best I can offer.
What did Lim expect me to do?
Stand there and smile
while she called
my medical judgment
into question?
Your patient nearly died
waiting on that OR, right?
It was bad.
What do you want me to do?
-Tell her to back off.
-No.
-He's a complete and utter--
-Not one of those nice racists?
-I shouldn't have to be--
-Claire…
here's what you have to do.
Shut up and do exactly
what Dr. Lim tells you to do.
But, it--
Yes, sir.
Maybe we could take turns.
You keep an eye on my patient,
I keep an eye on yours.
-No.
-[sighs]
Her creatinine is 1.6.
A mild bump in renal numbers
isn't surprising
after all her trauma.
This morning must
have been crazy.
Are you okay?
This morning,
my neighbor Lea came over
and ate my apple.
That's too bad.
Yes, it was my last one.
She was upset with Armen,
our landlord.
She plays her music very loud.
I gave her some advice.
It seemed to anger her
because she left
without saying goodbye.
And you think
you did something wrong?
No, it was good advice.
Shaun, sometimes
a woman wants advice,
and sometimes
she just wants support.
How can I tell which one
Lea wants?
Err on the side of support.
-That's not helpful.
-Yes, it is.
Dr. Browne,
you're being summoned.
[inhales deeply]
All right.
About time.
All your struggling,
you've pulled out your IV.
Aren't nurses usually supposed
to do this kind of crap?
They let you go to med school,
but they don't trust you
with any real responsibility.
There must be
a competent doctor
tucked around here somewhere
who can tell someone
I need more than aspirin.
-"Competent"?
-Yeah. You know what I mean.
Imhotep was the father
of modern medicine.
An Egyptian.
Yeah? Good for your people.
I'm willing to bet
there's even been
a couple of others
over the last 3,000 years.
But guess what?
On average,
you look at most great
technological advancements,
you'll find a proud
Northern European
holding the patent.
[scoffs] That's what
you were trying to do
this morning?
Get the patent on stealing
30 bucks from the corner store
for a drug fix?
You don't like drug addicts,
do you?
There's a lot of people
I don't like.
Thieves, racists,
violent punks.
But I'll treat 'em.
Was your momma a drug addict?
Wow.
That's the beauty of cliches,
is they're true so often.
You don't know
anything about me.
I didn't go to college.
I didn't have
no affirmative action
to get me in, but you did.
All because some
bleeding-heart liberal
in the dean's office
teared up reading your essay
about your crack-whore momma.
-[tightens strap]
-[winces] What the hell?
[scoffs]
I guess
we're all violent punks.
All you had to do
was give him your wallet.
Her urine output is low.
Whoa! Whoa!
What are you doing?
Get away from her!
Hey, hey! You can't be in here
shoving my doctors around.
Me? He's the…
Oh, my God.
She needs dialysis.
Her kidneys are failing fast.
This is the first stage
of total organ failure.
[machine beeping rapidly]
[Shaun] We removed two liters
of excess fluid with dialysis,
but she's getting worse.
Fluid's building up
in her chest.
She's in pulmonary
failure, too.
Draining the fluid
in her pleural space
would reduce airway resistance.
Yeah. Let's prep her
for a thoracentesis.
We're gonna have to work fast.
I'll prep the evac drain.
I'm gonna need you
to put that needle
right between--
Sixth and seventh rib.
-Wait. You're gonna
let him do it?
-Shut up.
Right, careful.
Don't put the needle in
too deep.
-We don't wanna give her--
-Pneumothorax.
Right, you're in.
Now let me see
what I can pull out…
And, hopefully,
she settles down.
CO2's down
and O2's climbing.
We can manage her kidneys
and her lungs,
but the last stop
in multiple organ failure
would be her heart.
Watch her
ventilation pressures
like a hawk.
Push cardio-protective meds,
and page me
if anything changes.
Think you're being her hero?
Fact is, you hardly
know her. And you don't
know him at all.
Go home.
-[knock at door]
-Yep?
Okay, I am done.
He is a foul-mouthed,
spiteful bully.
No problem.
I'll have the concierge
find a patient
more suited to your liking.
He doesn't need a doctor
doting over him.
He doesn't want me.
I don't care.
Look… I am sorry
I disagreed with you, okay?
But I don't deserve
to be scolded like a schoolgirl
because your ego can't handle
being challenged a little.
[scoffs]
That is some apology.
Look, I had a legitimate--
You really don't see
the problem here?
What? With challenging you?
Right now,
you are confronting me
in front of two nurses.
Would you do that to Melendez?
Or would you wait five minutes?
I have dealt with men
undermining my authority
my entire career.
We shouldn't do it
to one another, too.
Now go take care of him,
like you would
any other patient.
Hey, hey, hey.
Food services,
they double-check
every order.
-What are you looking for?
-An apple.
-An apple?
Who's getting an apple?
-I am.
-No.
-[Dr. Glassman] Shaun,
forget the apple, please.
I'm sorry, can I have a minute?
Shaun?
Okay.
Shaun, there's no need
to get defensive, okay?
-Do you wanna sit down?
-No, thank you.
I want you to tell me again
exactly what happened
this morning.
I told you exactly
what happened this morning.
Yes, but people have told you
that it's your fault,
haven't they?
My actions and the shooting
were associative incidents.
It is not
a causal relationship.
I paced and she got shot,
but pacing doesn't
cause shootings.
Otherwise, every time
someone paced a shooting
would soon follow.
Okay, that's a very good point.
When someone has a gun
and it's a dangerous
situation, right?
You don't wanna
upset the situation,
you don't wanna make it worse.
You think
this is my fault, too?
No. No.
It was the shoot… [scoffs]
[sighs] It was
the shooter's fault,
but your actions may have
contributed to it.
Okay, Shaun, wait a second.
Wait a second.
I know your behavior
is not completely
in your control,
but I also know
it's not completely
out of your control. Is it?
So, yes, maybe it is
a little bit your fault.
And definitely… mine.
[scoffs]
You weren't even there.
That's right,
I wasn't there.
Can we sit down, please?
Just for a second.
Shaun, I convinced myself
that everything was fine,
because in here it is.
It's great.
But you need help.
Shaun?
You need guidance.
Much more than I can give you.
I'm supposed to be
with my patient.
watching her like a hawk.
It's my fault.
I didn't like her.
When I first saw her
this morning, she just…
didn't look…
I don't know, I…
I mean, I wanted
to blow her off,
so I said I forgot water.
And I figured we'd go
to the store,
and then I'd pretend
that I forgot my wallet.
I knew she didn't have
her purse, so…
You can't go hiking
without water, right?
I mean, no harm, no foul.
She was there because of me.
She's here because of me.
It's not a causal relationship.
Wait, excuse me?
Lying and shootings.
Lying doesn't cause shootings,
otherwise, every time
someone lied--
[machine beeping rapidly]
Her pulse pressure is narrow.
Wait, what does that mean?
She's dying.
Page Melendez. Stat.
-[machine beeping rapidly]
-[gasping]
Your respiratory rate is up.
Are you having
trouble breathing?
[softly] Yeah, it's tight.
Find Dr. Lim.
Narrow pulse pressure
indicates a reduced
cardiac output.
The inflammation
is affecting her heart.
She's in end-stage
organ failure.
Yes, we can insert
an intra-aortic balloon pump.
That may reduce
some of the workload
on her heart,
but it's failing fast.
Really fast.
It only needs
to work overnight.
The inflammatory reaction
will improve after that.
What if it's failing so fast
because it's not her heart?
Her hemoglobin's dropped
from 14 to 12 between her last
two draws.
What if the real problem
is she's bleeding somewhere?
Given what she's been through,
a two-point drop
could mean nothing.
Or it could mean a bleed,
which would account
for the narrow
pulse pressure.
Her heart could be fine.
If you're right,
that means we'd have to
open her back up.
I don't know if her body
could handle
another operation.
No, it can't.
Treating heart failure
with an aortic pump
is also a simple procedure.
So we're going to diagnose
based on which procedure
is simpler?
If I'm right, there could be
no more blood to pump.
She'll be dead.
[machines beeping rapidly]
She's crashing.
We should prepare
the cath lab for a pump.
We should prepare the OR.
Let's get her into an OR. Now.
Hemoglobin's dropped to eight.
[Shaun] She is bleeding out.
[Dr. Melendez] Yes, she is.
But where?
Gotta find
where the bleeder's coming from
and clip it before she dies.
I got nothing.
It must be hidden underneath
the retro peritoneum
or mediastinum.
That's a lot of real estate
to cut open and just
go blindly looking.
We should start
with the abdomen.
She was shot there.
The bullet passed through
the posterior thorax.
BP's 40 over palp.
She's dying, Neil.
Whatever you're gonna do,
you need to do it now.
We need to look everywhere.
Give me a knife
and sternal saw,
I'm gonna open her up
from chest to pelvis.
Prep the sternum and abdomen
with betadine.
We're gonna need
a sponge stick to control
the bleeding when we find it.
Stop!
Open her between
the second and third rib
on the left side.
The bullet nicked the left
supreme intercostal artery.
The wall has blown.
[Dr. Melendez] How do you know?
I followed the injuries.
Pelvis to bowel to spleen
to diaphragm.
Next target
has to be left supreme
intercostal artery.
[Dr. Melendez] All right.
Prep the left
intercostal space.
-[gasping]
-[machine beeping rapidly]
[straining] I can't breathe.
Why aren't you helping me?
Dr. Lim will be along
in just two minutes.
You're a damn doctor.
Do your job.
I can't breathe.
[machine beeping rapidly]
I need to open up
the left neck compartment,
relieve the pressure.
Procedure tray.
Have you done this before?
Nope. Scalpel.
It's too swollen,
I can't see the Adam's apple.
Okay, cut along the soft divot
between the carotid sheath
and the trachea.
Soft divot. Got it.
[thief gasping]
Update me.
What did you do?
He had a cervical hematoma,
I had to relieve the pressure.
Here?
[machine beeping normally]
Oxygen sats are going up.
It's rare, but post-op
swelling can happen
with tracheal tears.
That's why we watch them
so closely the first 24 hours.
You mind if we finish this off
in the operating room?
[Dr. Melendez]
I don't see anything, Shaun.
No blood and no arterial tear.
You're too high.
It's near the bifurcation.
[Dr. Melendez]
Get some light in.
I got something.
Blood's pooling
right under the bifurcation.
Clamp, now.
-[machine beeping normally]
-[Dr. Melendez sighs in relief]
[Shaun] She wasn't
in heart failure.
That means her heart
is still strong enough
to get her through the night.
[Shaun] I was wrong.
Yeah, and you just
made up for it.
[Shaun] You were right, Jared.
Good work.
You know what?
You were right,
my mother had problems.
So I couldn't afford
to sit around
expecting everything
to be handed to me,
or whatever else it is
that's holding you back.
And yeah, I got some breaks.
But I worked my ass off.
Two jobs, two roommates,
every step of the way.
And that is what got me
to the place
where I could save your life.
[Dr. Melendez] Your daughter's
not out of the woods yet,
but I do expect her condition
to improve day by day.
-Thank you, Doctor.
-Thank you.
You're welcome.
[moans]
Hey. Avery.
Sorry we weren't here for you.
How are you feeling?
I probably won't be hiking
any time soon.
[father chuckles]
Hey.
Are you sneaking out
before I can thank you?
Please, you don't need
to thank me.
Yeah, I do.
And apologize.
I was wrong about you.
I thought you were trying
to ditch me.
I was hoping
you were trying to ditch me.
[chuckles]
I'm sorry.
When you're feeling better,
I'd like a second chance
at a first date.
[laughs softly]
[Claire] I'm sorry.
You were right.
I publicly disrespected you.
And so I thought it only right
to publicly respect you.
I am grateful for the chance
to learn from you.
[Dr. Lim] I know you needed
this victory.
Glad you saved a life today.
Just wish it wasn't a Nazi.
[laughs softly]
[footsteps approaching]
[sighs]
[Preston] Lane number two.
Maddie always took that lane.
She'd tuck in behind me
and draft
until the last 200 meters.
It's a dirty little trick.
-And it worked.
-Every time.
Thirteen years ago today.
Yeah.
I miss her, too.
I gave her space.
Right? I gave her space.
And she just drifted
farther and farther away.
Everything I did,
I did wrong.
You did your best.
I was practically living…
[laughs]
…at your house back then.
And, I mean, if I hadn't…
You were both…
[exhales]
…teenagers. You were idiots.
You got lucky, she didn't.
If I… was there more,
if I… stayed on her…
[laughs]
You're there for him.
[chuckles softly]
[woman on TV] Here's your
extended forecast for the week.
Starting off with a little
bit of cloud cover
in San Francisco…
[knocking on door]
…expect dry conditions
for the next seven days
here in--
I, uh… saw your light.
I'm sorry.
Claire told me to apologize
because you didn't want me
to tell the truth.
You only wanted me to
support your position,
even though it's wrong.
Well, I don't accept.
I may have overreacted
this morning.
A little.
And you were honest.
Brutally honest,
but you shouldn't have
to wear earplugs
in your own home.
And don't start lying to me
to make me feel good.
You're the only honest guy
I know.
So…
Have a good night,
Shaun Murphy,
and I will try
not to keep you up.
[chuckles]
[door closes]
["I'll Be Your Mirror" playing]
♪ I'll be your mirror
Reflect what you are ♪
♪ In case you don't know ♪
♪ I'll be the wind
The rain and the sunset ♪
♪ The light on your door
To show that you're home ♪
♪ 'Cause when you think
The night has seen… ♪
I made a mistake today.
And someone got hurt.
♪ Let me stand to show
That you are blind ♪
♪ Please put down your hands ♪
♪ 'Cause I see you ♪